tonight by the way is the fifth night of
Hanukkah the festival of lights night
five of eight president Trump posted not
one but two Chanukah parties at the
White House today there were Ivanka's
and yarmulkes as far as the eye could
see and you know between Hanukkah and
the Russia investigation Trump has been
spinning like a dreidel all week so it
was very the dreidel dreidel what does
that noise is a what is that noise
[Applause]
[Music]
all right not again the Hana corn here
to spread Hanukkah cheer at this special
time of year I just want to apologize
this is Gary Greenberg he's one of our
writers he came up with this ridiculous
character and how long take or how many
years have you been doing this five
years he's been pretending this is a
real thing is a real thing Jimmy every
child knows the story of the kind of
corn every child every child knows the
story of the Haunted gourd that is fake
news Gary that is not true at all we're
so grumpy do you suffer from seasonal
depression no I do not suffer from
seasonal have you lost your sense of
wonder no I'm wondering what you're
doing out here right now in fact right
because I have a special treat for
everybody
I have teamed up with the kids from the
ion ziering Country Day School to
present to you the first ever live
really don't of the story we of the
Hanukkah
[Music]
[Applause]
once upon a time on the Lower East Side
of Manhattan in the year 2009 there
lived a colony of unicorns and all the
unicorns looked exactly the same except
for one very special unicorn
[Music]
isn't it fun to only have one or totally
one is the best amount so long guys I am
the conic horn I'm just like you except
I have more horns can I join you in your
unicorn games no way you loser I
[Music]
actually have 9 horns you little schmack
eggy's Oh No
I guess I'm doomed to roam the earth
until I find someone who loves me the
Hana Korn roamed the earth for years and
years until his bunions burned and his
sciatica acted up he thought he'd walk
forever but then on one dark and snowy
Christmas Eve everything changed what's
the problem delivery boy I'm trying to
deliver Chinese food to the Greenberg
family but the way on my bicycle broken
oh no that's a Shanda
who even orders Chinese food on
Christmas Eve Jews do
you don't need no bike lights because I
will light the way for you watch this
come on now
this is what are you doing
[Applause]
I'm sorry to interrupt I know you guys
are having fun here but isn't this
exactly the same as Rudolph the
red-nosed reindeer he's out there there
is some overlap in terms of intellectual
property law this toy is transformative
enough to be protected see it's legal
now shush okay let's continue continue
do you think you can help me deliver the
food yes pop on the Hana corn and the
Chinese delivery boy trudged through the
snow towards the Greenberg house I don't
know should we call another restaurant
Marie it's Christmas Eve nothing else is
open mom dad if the food doesn't get
here soon I'm gonna plotz thank you so
much you said our lives may I ask who is
this majestic beast and I lit up the way
with my candle horns it was quite a
schlep he ever ate egg rolls there's
only one packet of sweet-and-sour sauce
don't worry Greenberg's even though you
only have one packet of sauce I will
make it last for eight egg rolls
[Applause]
[Music]
there's so much sauce
that is the 100% true story of how the
Hana corn saved Chanukah
[Music]
[Applause]
celebration would be complete without
the one the only Tweedledum
[Music]
[Applause]
that was amazing
stand corrected thank you thank you Ben
Stein Thank You Hana corn Thank You kids
and thanks to the dreidel dog everybody
it really is a miracle if you liked that
video click subscribe and we'll be
together until one of us dies